Law, Diversity and Justice: Explorations in Environmental Justice and Community Activism.
Post-Conflict Reconstruction.
Art as a Tool for Individual and Cultural Well-Being.
Environmental Sustainability through Culture and Education.
Creative Exploration within Design and Photography.
Native American Studies and Community Development.
Multicultural Youth Program Development.
Human Rights and Conflict Photojournalism.
Law, Diversity, and Justice: Understanding Human Services and Native American Studies.
Narrative Activism: Writing the Female Experience.
Holistic and Indigenous Perspectives on Natural Resource Management.
Law, Diversity and Justice: American Indian Studies.
Narrative Across Media.
Publishing, Creative Writing, and a Cultural Perspective on Western Literature.
The Triad of Change: Grassroots Movements, Non-Profit Management, and Government Policy.
Environmental Studies and Sustainable Design.
International Labor and Immigration History.
Advocating Human Rights through Photography-revised.
Food: The Psychology of Eating and the World Food Problem.
Law, Diversity and Justice.
The Other: Representations in Literature and Culture.
Creative Media Production and Media Understanding.
Breaking the Silence: Women's Bodies and Voices.
Law, Diversity and Justice: Race, Politics and Immigration.
Women's Empowerment: Social and Legal Perspectives.
Political Studies, Higher Education Policy, Advocacy and Leadership.
Sexual Health Advising.
Leadership: Inspiring Agency through Embodiment and Creative Self-Expression.
Evolutionary Nutrition.
The Application of Music, Communication and Business.
Cultural Conflict in the American Legal System.
Children's Rights through Politics, Education and Creativity.
Expressive Arts as Therapy for Social Change.
Women's Health Through Holistic Midwifery and Community Education.
Studies in Cultural Identity and Expressive Arts Facilitation-revised.
Psychological and Artistic Perspectives on Creative Expression.
Environmental Systems and Human Ecology.
Video and Audio Production.
Ecological Land Management and Storytelling.
Blindness and Society: Cultural Perspectives and Dialogue for Change.
Human Rights: Theory and Function.
Law, Diversity and Political Economy.
Media Arts, Technology, and Japanese Culture.
Breaking the Cycles: Psychological Perspectives on Family and Interpersonal Relationships.
The New Journalism: Alternative Media Models and Media Literacy.
Applied Media Production: Religion, Rhetoric, and American Politics.
Explorations of Astronomy through Science and Philosophy.
Law, Diversity and Justice: The Politics of Inequality and Resistance.
Empowering Culturally Diverse Communities Through Documentary Filmmaking.
Sustainable Design and Urban Planning.
Environmental Stewardship.
Empowering Family Farms: Profiting from Sustainability.
Political Economy and Human Rights: US/Latin American Relations.
Development and Social Change in Latin America.
Herbs and Culture as Medicine for the People.
Story Telling Through Visual Arts and Writing.
Law, Diversity and Justice: Politics, Sexual Orientation and the American Legal System.
Philosophy and Literature of Liberation.
Women's Studies: Facilitating and Empowering Self.
Creativity and the Word: A Personal Psychological Exploration.
Immigration: Sociological and Legal Perspectives.
Law, Diversity and Justice: Promoting Equal Opportunity through Political Activism.
Empowering Communities of Color from Within: Education, Advocacy and Activism.
Geographic Food Security.
Aging Issues, Community Care, and Documentary Film Production.
International Political Economy.
Law, Diversity and Justice: Issues of Access and Equality.
Latin American Studies: Language, History, Culture and the Arts.
Digital Storytelling.
Urban Sustainability and Community Planning.
Disability Rehabilitation through Holistic Healing and Creative Expression.
Creative Expression in Ecological Education - revised.
Born Somewhere Wlse: Personal and Legal Immigration-based Advocacy (revised).
Ocean Sciences, Education, and Creative Expression.
Conscientious Motion Picture Design and Production.
Observations on Mountain Recreation through the Lens of Video and Creative Writing-revised.
Emergent Design: Ecological design for a sustainable future.
Audio Recording and the Social Application of Music-revised.
Re-Centering the Marginalized: Women and Queers in Art.
Holistic Counseling: Understanding Personal Contexts to Promote Individual Healing and Emotional Wellbeing.
Social Justice and Identity through Expressive Art and Non-Profit Management.
Lifestyle Studies: Psychology and Culture.
Women, Gender and Sexuality Studies.
Identity Politics and Inequality, Contemporary Women's Studies.
Wellness.
Media: Examination, Exploration and Expression.
Integral Transformation and Communication.
Law, Diversity & Justice: Domestic Violence & Criminal Justice.
Women's Empowerment and Socially Conscious Communication.
Music and the Musician in the Industry.
Crafting Sustainable Local Economies.
Fashion Design, Sustainability and Social Accountability.
Audio Engineering and Music Production.
Comprehensive Pop Studies: Audio Engineering, Songwriting, and the Culture of Western Pop Music.
Nutrition, Health and Social Justice.
Neuropsychology and Philosophy.
Creative Healing: Expressive Arts Therapy.
